---
layout: post
title:  "Might Be Done"
date:   2024-08-26 09:19:29 -0700
categories: general
---

Might be done.

I've never been so tired of trying to support people.

And then to have them just turn around and shit on my assistance.  It's infuriating.

I'm dealing with someone right now, to whom I am providing shelter and food free of charge.  This person has hitched their future to someone who literally could not care less.

"Come learn at my school!"

Sounds good, right?  Here's the rest: it's a mircoschool with an $8000 per year tuition, getting there takes over an hour each way, there's no official online option, and there is no support in a three classroom, K-12 institution for someone with autism and possibly other learning disabilities.  

"Oh but you can take classes online, I'll send a Zoom link."

Classes stared today.  No Zoom link.  No response from the school at all, nor from this person.

"And I'll help you get AZ DDD support so you can move out of that house."  My house.

Except to get that, you need documentation of a disability, which he doesn't have, plus at least three functional limitations, which I can sort of argue for two, maybe.  Oh, he can get the documentation. Maybe. From his step-dad he hasn't seen in who knows how long who lives in Oklahoma, and who so far has completely ignored him.  Right, this will end well.

Oh, and the "help"?  She sent him some forms, which he has no idea how to fill out.

Speaking of forms, he came into my home with nothing but a school ID, and a pretty sparse one at that.  We were able to use it to get copies of his birth certificate (which he didn't have), and then used that to get his state ID (which he also didn't have).  Neither of those processes were completed without my direct prompting and assistance.  Next his is Social Security card, which he doesn't have, but he can get.  If he can follow the instructions on the website.

And yet, when I ask, do you think this person has your best interests in mind, his answer is a resounding, "Yes."  And when I say, what are your plans if this school doesn't work out, his answer is a rather dismissive, how can it possibly not work out?  You want the list?

- You don't get the scholarship vouchers to pay the tuition.
- You cannot attend classes virtually because no one is giving you Zoom information.
- You cannot get to the classes in person, because I am not spending 5 hours a day taking you there.
- You cannot get the help you need to successfully complete classes because this microschool sounds more like a joke or a grift than an educational institution.
- The school shuts it's doors due to low enrollment before the first year is over.
- You cannot get credit for your classes because this person who said they'd help you completely botches the process of getting your transcript from your former high school.

Do I need to go on?

What he needs to do is either (a) move in with this supposedly infallible source of support and his best interests, and let her take him to class with her every day or (b) get enrolled at the walking-distance High School immediately, because he's already two weeks into the official start of classes.  With an option on (c) get the hell out of my house and live on the street, because I do not want to take care of someone who I don't know at all beyond my daughter's friend, and who is ignoring or outright refusing my assistance.

I don't need this.

I need to stop trying to help people.

This is absurd.
