---
layout: post
title:  "You're All Horst"
date:   2025-09-26 05:00:00 -0700
categories: general
---

So, let us, for a moment, set aside that the people who are demanding to be called Horst at Starbucks are in fact the same people who refuse to use the preferred name or pronouns of anyone in the LGBTQ+ community.  I'm willing to look past that hypocrisy for now.  I'm eager to engage in it with them, actually, those little Horst-ling, since I doubt they actually want to be called that, though Horst-ling they be.

I'm also willing to skirt the fact that these Horst worshippers who are manufacturing a controversy out of their virtue signalling to be noticed in a Starbucks, are, again, the same morons who manufactured a controversy about the color of the cups their sugar drinks come in during the winter solstice.  Spare me the counterfeit moralizing, but let's move on.

Instead, let's focus on the real issue here: the blatant lying.  No one wrote "loser" on their cup.  No one wrote "racists favorite drink" either.  It's clear to me they did that themselves in order to have something tangible to complain about.  I mean, the fact that both of these statements are objectively true, that's not the issue here.  It just didn't happen.

How can I be so sure?  That's relatively simple.  This is food service.  And food service workers have always known how to handle objectionable patrons like these Horst morons: spit in their food.

Oh, I'm absolutely sure Horst himself, whenever he'd order his crappucino or whatever it is, got a solid saliva shot mixed into his drink.  It was, after all, his favorite.

So, be proud, Horst acolytes and disciples, for thou art getting thy savior's favorite drink, right down to it being stirred with a dirty finger (or worse).  It's exactly what thou hast asked for.  And everyone is laughing at thee about it.

They are, after all, Horst: expendable once they cross the line of wanting the files released.
